- 🍄 Hi, I’m Xiqckz!
- ☁️ My name is Mizuno Euvi Slyvester
- 🌱 I use any masculine pronouns
- 🍉 I am an Editor and an Author 
- 🐸 I post daily for my Challenges and 
edits of mine will be posted soon along 
With my stories

<!---
Xiqckz/Xiqckz is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->


[ Introduction ]

Hi guys! This is me Mizuno Euvi Slyvester and I'm here to inform you guys what is the purpose of this account. 

First of all, I would like you guys to know that my feed will be filled by icons, edits, and some random stuffs related to the DSMP and the DSMP members.

I. DISCLAIMER
— This account is for editing purposes only, I am not affiliated with the real content creators that I post in this account.
— SOME of the contents and raw photos I will post in the future will not be mine and I'll give all the credits to the real rightful owners of the certain content.

II. LANGUAGE
— I would prefer communicating using the English language so no one would be left out. English is NOT my first language so if you'll spot some grammatical errors and stuffs, please feel free to correct me in the nicest way possible.

III. WARNINGS AND NOTES
— I am NOT sexualizing anyone, again the purpose of this account is to post stuffs related to a certain topic.
— I will be posting some slight NSFW contents, but don't worry, I'll put warnings on it.
— I will gladly receive suggestions of the contents you want me to post, it will help me a lot to decide! I am also open for criticism, but please, don't overdo it.
— Please do not harass and sexualize me and anyone, that's really bad so don't do it. 
— Please do not plagiarize mine or anyones works. We worked hard and spend some time on doing those, so please, don't. It will hurt us a lot. 
— I'm still learning on editing and stuffs, I'm really new to this, so please go easy on me. So if you'll spot some odd things on my edits please consider it as a newbie faults. 
— If you'll find some of my contents being posted my others without proper credits please inform me and them nicely.
— I have mental issues such as ADHD and Anxiety, I'm also Depressed so please bare with me. 
— Feel free to interact with me! I don't biteee!
— I will not be doing some lb's, lbdp's, rb's etc. things on my posts, I will NOT entertain such stuffs.

Please, respect everyone. I hope you guys would support me and be with me in this journey! I am looking forward being with you guys in the future! I'll be starting to post contents soon if I'll gain some more followers and supporters. I really appreciate y'all! If you guys have spare time, please invite some friends to support me so I could motivate myself more! Let's just have some fun! I will engage some games and Q&A stuffs, so stay tuned! I love you guys so much and thank you so so so so so much! This is so long- oh my gawd! I hope you guys enjoyed reading! That's all! I love you guys! Stay safe and Have a blessed great day! 

Also follow me on Twitter, Instagram and TikTok! I am still not posting anything on my social media accounts, but soon I will if you'll support me! The accounts of my social media accounts will be added below! I'm still working on my discord server guys so stay stay stay staaaayyy tunneedd! We'll have so much fun in the future! I am hoping you guys will stick with me til the end!

Woah! I did it! I think that's really all! HAHAH! Thankyousomuch! Adioooss! 

Twitter ;
Xiqckz.qvx
Instagram ; 
Xiqueck.qvx
TikTok ; 
xi_qckz

(The art I used in this post is mine. I'm still new to digital arts, but I'll work hard to be better. PLAGIARISM IS A CRIME!)
